{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cluckhen Brilliant App Documentation\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Created by: Jonathon Albert.\
\
Date Started: 
\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 07/08/2012.\
\
Date Finished: 17/09/2012.\
\
List of files:-\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}AppDelegate.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 The Application Delegate is the class that receives application-level messages, including the applicationDidFinishLaunching message most commonly used to initiate the creation of other views.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}AppDelegate.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}AVAudioPlayer+PGFade.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 This file is used to create the fade in/out effects used within one of the screens.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}AVAudioPlayer+PGFade.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}eggCreationStartScreen.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 This screen shows the 'tap to start' screen and proceeds to the\cf0  \cf2 actual game once tapped.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}eggCreationStartScreen.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}herEggCreationScreen.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 This file is used for creating the core mechanics and generating\cf0  \cf2 the female images that will be selectable from the menu system.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}herEggCreationScreen.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}hisEggCreationScreen.m  - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 This file is used for creating the core mechanics and generating\cf0  \cf2 the male images that will be selectable from the menu system.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}hisEggCreationScreen.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}main.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 This is the same as with other programming languages, the core of the application.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}main.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}MainMenuViewController.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 This file controls the gender selection screen and plays audio.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}MainMenuViewController.h\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}ViewController.m - 
\f2 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 // This is the start screen the user first sees.\cf0  \cf2 it doesn't do anything apart from get tapped.
\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}ViewController.h\CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
}